welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going all the way back to 2019 to
look at the hypebeast field rom
vfw if you enjoy gargle and marbles and
shared anecdotes about the good old days
consider subscribing to the channel
let's get to it
we open on a psa explaining the severe
negative impact wrought on society by a
new street drug called hype
this transitions nicely to a drug den at
the outskirts of the city where some
scabby scumbags get strung out inside
and we hear reports of rioting outside
where the hypers are hoping for some
more of their favorite drug
they love them so much with the
situation getting a little sketchy with
these junkies
moz has brokered a deal to sell off his
remaining stock so they can blow this
town
but beforehand we get a brief
demonstration of just how committed his
enthusiasts are when he tosses a dose
and convinces lucy to jump for it
despite uh yeah
certain death in the outside world we
see the scabies are basically occupying
every dark recess in town as fred picks
up abe and they wake up walter when they
get to the spot
fred runs this vfw branch so they get
the place all started up
and then themselves as well across the
street young lizard finds the
stain that used to be her sister and
while the old gang gets to bust in balls
about the good old days
lizard does some snooping and hears
about the big score coming up as the
hour gets late the bar clears and the
boys prepare to celebrate fred's
birthday when a young blood walks in and
quickly endears himself to them as they
share stories establishing fred's battle
prowess and they end up asking him if
he'd be interested in joining them for
some celebratory titties
but their knight is about to go off the
rails as lizard slips in and swipes the
stash
only narrowly escaping baz who then
announces the theft to the scabies who
in their enthusiasm for recreational
drugs endeavor to rip her limb from limb
she manages to find a choice hiding spot
across the street right in line of sight
of her pursuers
when they burst in and demonstrate their
disregard for human safety
fred goes ahead and pulls up one of
their heads they then back off as t-bird
is carried to the bar for medical
treatment and to imagine how awful
goodness is but when backup arrives it
presses the men to have a brutality
contest like the good old days the back
appears clear so norm goes for the car
and finds out the hypers
can be tricky not sure what to do next
walter mentions pushing the girl out the
front door
but fred's not that kind of guy plus
he's rock hard right now and presuming
their enemy needs a moment to regroup
also opts to go for the car he actually
makes it and here boss's general gutter
attacks him asking for them to give
it back instead he gives her a classic
lesson in women's self-defense
as they try to figure out what it is we
learn lou has a policy about the
administration of mercy but fred decides
to keep things clean for now
when lou goes to powder his nose he hits
bingo despite finding what they're
looking for they learn that there would
be no chance of returning the package
and walking away as boz's brother
happens to be sitting in the corner with
no head it's an all or nothing situation
they face
so they tank up count their limited ammo
and begin to mcallister this
[ __ ] and honestly it's really relaxing
to watch people take such pleasure in
their hobby it's like watching a troop
troop video
before long the first wave crashes and
things get improvisationally stabby and
quite squishy as well
the hypers prove to be crazy and
persistent but just not healthy enough
to get the job done and then tank
lumbers in and starts clearing house
until liz treats him like a cave troll
while the production crew shows just how
unafraid they are to exhaust their melon
budget
as they attempt to decide on the next
move lou decides it's time for some
sweet talking and goes out to negotiate
a deal
he fails pretty miserably since they're
not looking to buy a late model
well-loved cadillac but he at least
manages to take a few of them with him
fred nurses his wounds inside as doug
passes away causing fred to have some
momentary doubts and regrets
blizz attempts to pep talk him back into
reality during his intermission the
scabsters break out the heavy equipment
fred manages to refocus his mind on the
need for immediate violence
they have a quick pow wow of tough
talking and then hunker down for an
impending propane explosion
abe decides he wants to take point one
last time so he grabs his special murder
war knife and hypes up
however when they bust in they initially
have a standoff fred holding them back
by threatening to burn the stuff they
fake like they won and then pandemonium
erupts as both sides engage in moral
combat with a fresh crop of hypers
joining in and squaring off against
anyone who tries to prevent them from
breathing in that dust
abe offers to hold back the next wave to
facilitate their escape
but they lose liz along the way so fred
heads back inside while walter and sean
head out the back
he provides an assist to abe running
gutter through with a flagpole
multiple times and then fixing abe up
with a shot before following the sound
of liz's cries
out back walter takes a bit too long
getting the deuce into half running
resulting in a torso bifurcation which
leads him to start thinking about going
down in a blaze of glory
meanwhile liz lights up the bag to
distract boz which basically results in
the end of their showdown
and despite the lack of necessity walter
goes ahead and intervenes
which adds an element of finality to the
situation then the few survivors enjoy a
final drink before embarking on their
new career in retributive drug dealing
i thought vfw was a pretty good movie it
seems to have some mixed reviews and
it's certainly not original but it's not
bad
either also in an attempt to set the
film apart they really went for it with
the gore and grunginess which goes a
long way for me
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching
[Music]